explain v31 db row format warning (#13086)
nextcloud/documentation: admin_manual/release_notes/upgrade_to_31.rst

* PHP 8.1 is now deprecated but still supported.
* PHP 8.4 is now supported, but 8.3 is recommended.

Database configuration
----------------------

> We have a new setup warning for MySQL and MariaDB databases if any tables are using a row format other than Dynamic.
> This is likely true for older installations.
> To resolve the warning, issue the proper ``ALTER TABLE`` DDL commands to change the row format during a maintenance window.
> If you're not sure how to do this, you can `find some tips and tricks from the community <https://help.nextcloud.com/t/upgrade-to-nextcloud-hub-10-31-0-0-incorrect-row-format-found-in-your-database/218366/>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other row formats than ``DYNAMIC`` for MySQL and MariaDB databases will issue a warning since Nextcloud 24,
as they often cause performance issues.
With Nextcloud 31 a more prominent new setup warning for this was added.
To resolve the warning, in most cases running ``occ db:convert-mysql-charset`` will resolve the issue.
If some tables are not covered by the ``occ`` command, issuing the proper ``ALTER TABLE`` DDL commands to change the row format during a maintenance window is needed.
If you're not sure how to do this, you can `find some tips and tricks from the community <https://help.nextcloud.com/t/upgrade-to-nextcloud-hub-10-31-0-0-incorrect-row-format-found-in-your-database/218366/>`_.
```

Maybe something like this as its not a random setup warning but already a warning since Nextcloud 24 and based on performance issues.
Also the `occ` command is in most cases much simpler than custom scripts.

Author: Thank you you @susnux ! Where did the warning appear before v31? It looks like it was added just recently.
